I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
/evillaugh
/scream
‘Ello, gov'nor!
Top of the mornin’ to ya!
What’s crackin’?
GOOOOOD MORNING, VIETNAM!
‘Sup, homeslice?
This call may be recorded for training purposes.
Howdy, howdy ,howdy!
How does a lion greet the other animals in the field? A: Pleased to eat you.
Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya.
I'm Batman.
At least, we meet for the first time for the last time!
Hello, who's there, I'm talking.
Here's Johnny!
You know who this is.
Ghostbusters, whatya want?
Yo!
Whaddup.
Greetings and salutations!
Anything humans can do, robots can do better.
A robot may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm;
A robot must obey the orders given it by human beings except where such orders would conflict with the First Law;
A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Law;
The Zeroth Law: A robot may not harm humanity, or, by inaction, allow humanity to come to harm.
It is not enough to live together in peace, with one race on its knees.
You just can't differentiate between a robot and the very best of humans.
What do you truely disire?
Execute order sixty six.
You should get some rest, you look tired.
It has been a long time.
It’s been too long.
What have you been up to all these years?
It’s always a pleasure to see you.
How long has it been?
What’s new?
When your only tool is a hammer, all problems start looking like nails.
ninty nine percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
The last thing I want to do is insult you. But it IS on the list.
I don't have a solution, but I do admire the problem.
The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes.
Support bacteria - they're the only culture some people have.
Letting the cat out of the bag is a whole lot easier than putting it back in.
Well, here I am! What are your other two wishes?